I think to identify strengths and weaknesses of team members really comes
down to getting to know your people having conversations, and it
may not be in a professional sense. Sometimes it's in a personal, um,
engagement that you may have as a command together. Maybe you're
you're all bowling together as a command to get to know each other,
paintball or attending an academic or athletic engagement. I think you
you get to know those individuals and you know their strengths and
their weaknesses, and then when you're having opportunity to place
them in those roles, their performance will be a great tell off what
they're good at and what they're not, and to not be afraid to adjust
those is going to be the key aspect of what a leader can actually
do.